block1_east     block2_east
block1_north     block6_north
block2_top     block8_bottom
block2_east     block1_east
block2_north     block3_north
block3_top     block9_bottom
block3_east     block4_east
block3_north     block2_north
block4_top     block10_bottom
block4_east     block3_east
block4_north     block5_north
block5_top     block11_bottom
block5_east     block6_east
block5_north     block4_north
block6_top     block12_bottom
block6_east     block5_east
block6_north     block1_north
block7_bottom     block1_top
block7_top     block13_bottom
block7_east     block8_east
block7_north     block12_north
block8_bottom     block2_top
block8_top     block14_bottom
block8_east     block7_east
block8_north     block9_north
block9_bottom     block3_top
block9_top     block15_bottom
block9_east     block10_east
block9_north     block8_north
block10_bottom     block4_top
block10_top     block16_bottom
block10_east     block9_east
block10_north     block11_north
block11_bottom     block5_top
block11_top     block17_bottom
block11_east     block12_east
block11_north     block10_north
block12_bottom     block6_top
block12_top     block18_bottom
block12_east     block11_east
block12_north     block7_north
block13_bottom     block7_top
block13_east     block14_east
block13_north     block18_north
block14_bottom     block8_top
block14_east     block13_east
block14_north     block15_north
block15_bottom     block9_top
block15_east     block16_east
block15_north     block14_north
block16_bottom     block10_top
block16_east     block15_east
block16_north     block17_north
block17_bottom     block11_top
block17_east     block18_east
block17_north     block16_north
block18_bottom     block12_top
block18_east     block17_east
block18_north     block13_north
